Documentation for new Request class (#708)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/5.x/request-parameters.md

---
# Handling Request Parameters

> Matomo currently serves two ways of accessing request variables. While using a [`Request`](/api-reference/Piwik/Request) object is recommended, there is still a global method [`Common::getRequestVar()`](/api-reference/Piwik/Common#getrequestvar) that can be used to access request parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matomo currently provides two ways of accessing request variables. While using a [`Request`](/api-reference/Piwik/Request) object is recommended, there is still a global method [`Common::getRequestVar()`](/api-reference/Piwik/Common#getrequestvar) that can be used to access request parameters.
```

Both methods basically have one big difference. 

The old [`Common::getRequestVar()`](/api-reference/Piwik/Common#getrequestvar), was designed in a way, that all values returned by that method are automatically sanitized for security reasons. Having that was kind of useful, as it automatically protected Matomo against certain security vulnerabilities like XSS.

> Having a requirement of unsaitizing values on purpose to work with it's original data prevented an acidental output of unsafe data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having a requirement of unsanitizing values on purpose to work with it's original data prevented an accidental output of unsafe data.
```
